PieChart: add a Getting Started tutorial (#3759)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/PieChart/00 Getting Started with PieChart/30 Handle Selection.md

Use the [onPointClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/#onPointClick) function to implement the selection functionality. Call a point's [isSelected()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Chart_Elements/Point/Methods/#isSelected) method to check whether a user selected it.

> In this tutorial, when users can click on a point, the point is selected. When users click on the point again, the component clears the selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, when a user clicks on a point, the point is selected. When the user clicks on the point again, the component clears the selection.
```
